hi my name is Yolanda Travis and our
wood expert village and today I will be
teaching you how to Samba now I'll be
teaching you a new step in Samba it's a
basic new stuff so what you're gonna do
is step start with your right foot one
up two lifting your foot two to go one
up to - ah - do not worry about your
hips is we're about your foot so one and
you're stepping just that - left right
left right left up left right up one -
two - one - two - one two three one two
three one two three one two three keep
going one two three one two three
okay and actually okay now that your do
two basic number two step let's try
adding a hips into it ready and you go 1
2 3 1 2 3 kind of moving it one two
three one two three go one two three one
two three one two three one two three
one two three one two three one two
three one two three one two three one
two three one two three one two three
one two three one two three again 1 a 2
2 a 2 1 a 2 2 a 2 1 a 2 2 a 2.91
2 2 a 2 1 a 2 2 a 2